https://imgur.com/whfbZww
Specifics about this infrastructure:

1. Algorithm on the load balancer:
The load balancer runs the Round Robin algorithm. Traffic is distributed in
form of a queue, each sever on the queue takes turns handling client connection requests

2. Active-Active or Active-Passive setup?
My server configuration is running an active active set up, this means that both
nodes are actively processing client requests when needed to by the load balancer.
The difference between an active active setup and an active passive setup is that
in an active setup. All nodes in the setup are actively processing requests, while
in an active passive setup, at least one node is passive i.e not handling requests, and
only goes up if the main server goes down, it acts as a backup.

3. How a database Primary-Replica (Master-Slave) cluster works
It employs two database nodes, one the master, the other the slave.
The master DB handles all write operations including inserts deletes and updates operations
while the slave db handles all read operations. Any changes made in the master are automatically
synchronized with the slave. In case the master goes down, the slave is promoted to the master

4. The difference between the Primary node and the Replica node in regard to the application
The major difference is that the primary node handles all write operations while the slave node
handles all read operations, exclusively.

Issues with this infrastructure:
A. SPOF
The single point of failure in this at both the load balancer and the servers themselves.
Since no backup set-up exist for this infrastructure, any failure for any component in the architecture
will result in the whole applications to fail

B. Security issues
There is no firewall for any of the components, i.e servers and load balancer
therefore incoming traffic is not being actively monitored.
Also, HTTPS is not being used, which is a secure version of HTTP, as it encrypts any data going out
This makes the system vulnerable to attacks such as man in the middle attacks

3. No monitoring
There is no active monitoring, metrics help look into performance and resource utilization.
This means that if any server node gets overloaded (over-utilization) for example
It'll be undetected and result in a system crash. Monitoring can also help in debugging system issues.
